remove daa member community and add function references (#6)
flatfeestack/bylaws: chapters/structure-organisation.tex

\item \textbf{DAA Chairman (Vorstand)} \\
The DAA has at minimum two (2) Chairmen with the following competencies and duties:
\begin{enumerate}
[label=(\alph*)]
    \item Representing the DAA to the outside world;
    \item Keeping the books and creating the necessary financial statements of the DAA;
    \item Preparing and calling the next DAA Ballot Vote (\emph{setVotingSlot});

>     \item Canceling a DAA Ballot Vote, if he has a good reason for it (\emph{cancelVotingSlot});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item Canceling a DAA Ballot Vote, if they have a good reason for it (\emph{cancelVotingSlot});
```

    \item \textbf{Competences} \\
    The DAA Ballot Vote shall be the highest governing body of the DAA.
    It is chaired by one of the DAA Chairmen.
    The objective of the DAA Ballot Vote is to allow every member to propose new DAA projects and to vote on the funding allocation to those projects.
    The DAA Ballot Vote has the duty of collecting all the votes on the proposals on that vote.

    \item \textbf{Voting Process} \\
    The whole voting process is purely digital and blockchain based.

>     The members have a one day timeslot to vote for every proposal in the Ballot Vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The members have one day to vote for every proposal in the Ballot Vote.
```

    \item \textbf{Voting Majorities} \\
    Resolutions shall be adopted by a simple majority of the members participating at the individual DAA Ballot Vote.
    At least 1/5 of the DAA Members must vote on a proposal and a simple majority to become successful.

    \item \textbf{Election Process for DAA Chairman} \\

>     Any member can propose himself for candidacy as chairman (\emph{propose \& addChairman}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Any member can propose themselves for candidacy as chairman (\emph{propose \& addChairman}).
```
